About Us
Alterna Savings and Alterna Bank, also known as Alterna Financial Group, has been serving members for over a century. Our roots run deep as a financial co-operative, and we’ve come a long way over the years.

Everything you need for your financial well-being is available at Alterna Savings. Chequing and savings accounts that work for you, and suit your lifestyle. Personal loans, mortgages, retirement and investment products backed by expert advice to help you meet your goals. As an Alterna Savings member, you’ll have access to banking at home and abroad whenever you need it through our telephone banking and online banking services, as well as our worldwide ABM networks.

The Alterna Difference
At Alterna Savings, you’re not just an account number—you’re a member, a neighbour, a friend. We enjoy getting to know you, and we really like helping you find financial solutions. We’re here to help you find a smarter way to make your money work for you.

Alterna Savings is different and we’re committed to finding more ways to live that difference everyday. We offer the financial services and products you’d expect from a financial institution, but we offer them for a different reason - you. Here, you’re a member, not ‘just’ a customer.

As a member, you’re also an owner. That means we’re accountable to you, and work hard every day to bring you the products and services you need. Being a member also means you have a voice in what your financial institution does and the way we operate. You can even talk to the CEO if you need to. Try doing that at a traditional bank.

Since Alterna Savings is member-owned, our profits go right back into our operations so we can serve you and our communities better. It’s that simple.

With 33 locations in Ontario, we offer a full range of financial products and services, all with a commitment to supporting the well-being of our members, employees and communities.

Become a member and part owner of your financial co-operative, and see the difference membership makes.

Oh, and by the way, if you really do need to talk to our CEO, feel free to contact him: Ask Rob. He’s always interested in hearing from a fellow member.