WHO WE ARE
More than 122,000 people choose FirstOntario when it comes to their finances. From chequing and savings accounts to mortgages, loans, business services and highly qualified investment advice—our credit union offers you more than just an account. Have you thought about becoming a Member? You should.

At FirstOntario, our Members are owners. That means you have a say and we value your thoughts and ideas. As a Member (and a shareholder), you can run to be on our Board of Directors and you can vote for your Board Directors. You have a voice. And we want to hear it.

OUR ROOTS
We started in 1939 with a group of employees when we created Stelco Employees Credit Union and our values were the same. We make the most of your hard—earned money and we’re there to get you through the ups and downs of life. Here's how we came to be.

We’ve been here for our Members for 80 years for a reason- our continued success is achieved with pride and a dedicated commitment to our Members and our communities in Hamilton, Halton, Niagara and the southwest regions. Some things never change.

Community Impact
Our Community Impact team counts on the strength and dedication of our employees and our local partners. We’re proud to be able to reach out to so many people in the neighbourhoods where we live and work.  

As a credit union, we always try to make a meaningful, lasting impact by focusing on the issues that are most important to our communities.

Community Partnerships
Not only are we a part of your neighbourhood—we're your neighbour and reinvesting our profits through community partnerships, sponsorships and great rates is an important part of what we do.

Our partners are like-minded and they have a genuine interest in working together to make a positive and lasting impact in all of our regions.

Your career opportunities at FirstOntario are endless and will be guided by your abilities and ambition.

You’ll be rewarded in ways that foster the pride and satisfaction of being part of an exceptional team.  

We’re looking for forward thinkers with fresh ideas, who believe in putting people first. If this sounds like you, we should talk.

As a Member, you have an equal vote in the selection of the credit union’s directors.

Your participation is important to the success and well-being of our credit union.

Consider running for the Board, participate in the election by voting and make sure you don’t miss our Annual General Meeting.