Nice to meet ya’ neighbour!
With $1.2 billion in assets and 16 locations scattered across the province, don’t let our size fool you – at Westoba you’re more than a number.

Our credit union community puts members first. We invest our profits right here at home where our members live and work. We support local decision-making through an elected Board of Directors and you have the support of caring and professional employees who deliver exceptional service and always have your best interests at heart.

Westoba is a full service financial institution. It doesn’t matter where you are in life – we can help. We offer a wide range of services and products to meet your individual and unique needs. Whether it is personal, commercial, non-profit, or investment and financial planning related – we’ve got you covered!

Our extensive network of branches makes it easy to drop by for face-to-face help. We also know life gets busy and to help make it easy on you, Westoba offers online and mobile banking, as well as over the phone support through TeleService at 1-877-WESTOBA. You bank when and how you want.

Our Mission
Enriching lives and communities by helping financial dreams come true.

Our Vision
Westoba is…

A trusted partner and community leader
An engaged employer creating a community at work
Financially strong, sustainable and globally connected
Our Values
We Value and Embrace

Commitment to people
Innovative thinking and change
Learning and knowledge
Honest, open and shared communication
Solutions delivered with excellence

Westoba believes in staying connected and engaged in our communities. Each year, we give hundreds of thousands of dollars away in donations and sponsorships to a variety of organizations and programs.

We also have dedicated staff who believes in the power of giving back and volunteer thousands of hours collectively to local events, causes and projects. From coaching, to flipping burgers and baking treats, to picking weeds or canvassing donations door-to-door, it’s easy to find a Westoba employee helping out. We’re happy to support the people and communities we not only work in but live in too.