Kindred Credit Union (Kindred) is a member-owned financial cooperative based in Kitchener, Ontario. Kindred’s values-centred approach is woven into everything we do and makes us the one-of-a-kind choice for people across Ontario who want to connect their values and faith with their finances.

Kindred has eight full-service branches in Southwestern Ontario offering a complete range of banking, investing, and borrowing products and services.

Kindred has been in the making for over 50 years and it all began when a group of Mennonites had a radical vision to see mutual aid put into faithful practice – extending access to financial services across our community. That vision is lived out today through our innovative and impactful products, services, and programs.

At Kindred, we believe you have a better choice for banking – a place where your money can be a force for good. Our “Welcome to Kindred” video explains more about how we offer Banking with Purpose.

Values
Integrity, compassion, and stewardship are woven into everything we do. It’s how we treat each other as staff, members, and in community.

Commitment 
We believe values and faith are central to life, and financial decisions are not values neutral.

We strive to provide staff an environment where their work has purpose and provide members with opportunities to bring meaning to their money. This is our commitment to each other and to our members.

Purpose 
Cooperative banking that connects values and faith with finances, inspiring peaceful, just, and prosperous communities.

Banking with Purpose 
So, what does ‘Banking with Purpose’ mean? Although we’re not a bank, the word ‘banking’ makes it clear that this is what we do. It’s the line of business we’re in.

‘Purpose’ means seeking after more than just an ordinary life: it means seeking to have an impact. Whether that purpose is faith-inspired or rooted in values, more and more people are seeking to have all aspects of their lives aligned with their beliefs – including their finances. For Kindred, our desire is that there is purpose in everything we do.