Truly Local Banking
Proudly Serving Niagara. From St. Catharines to Welland, and Niagara Falls to Fort Erie, PenFinancial Credit Union has firm roots in Niagara.
We’re community minded and we mean it.
We believe supporting the community should mean much more than simply offering financial support. Through volunteerism, education and sharing our expertise, we can proudly say that we truly support the communities where we live and work.

We’re bankers, but we’re also human.
Contrary to popular belief of financial institutions, our employees do have a pulse. We aren’t driven by commissions, but we’re driven by your financial success. If we can have a little bit of fun along the way, than why not? After all, we’re firm believers in Banking Made Lighter.

We’re similar to a bank, but different where it counts.
As a Credit Union, we offer the same competitive services as banks including everything from mortgages to business loans, but a big difference is that our decisions are made locally. We reinvest all deposits in the local community by providing loans and mortgages to your friends and neighbours, and invest in many Niagara based organizations and events to help keep our communities strong and sustainable.
If you are looking to buy a new home or save some money for retirement, our dedicated team of Niagara-Based Financial Advisors can provide you with the products and services you need, and the customized advice you can expect from a locally owned credit union.

Our Commitment
Quite simply, credit unions, like PenFinancial, are owned by members. When you open an account with us you become a member, hold a share, and have a say. We are locally based and owned by residents of our community, so growing and nurturing your financial health is important to us.

Credit unions offer the same competitive products and services that banks do, except all the decisions about the types of products we provide and the rates and investments we offer are all made locally. In a nutshell, banks make decisions to increase profits for their shareholders while credit unions, like us, make decisions based on your best interests. So, whether you’re buying your first home, opening a small business or saving for your retirement, we’ve got everything you need right here at home.

Because we are local, all deposits are reinvested in the Niagara Region by providing loans and mortgages to your friends and neighbours. We take great pride in investing in our own family too, by encouraging continuing education for our employees. We place a high value on the timely, solid advice we provide, which will help you through all the stages of your life.