1st Choice Savings and Credit Union is a full-service financial institution, that offers everything a bank can offer you, and more!

We're the banking alternative for Southern Albertans, serving approximately 17,000 member-owners, based out of Lethbridge, Alberta.

Our most unique features are our membership and profit sharing. When you bank with us, you are a valued member-owner. At 1st Choice Savings we are member-driven, not profit-driven. Rather than giving profits to select stockholders, we reinvest our income to expand the benefits for you, and pay out annual dividends to our members.

The 1st Choice Difference…
We'll admit that 1st Choice Savings and the big banks have something in common - we both offer full-service banking and a wide range of financial services. That however, is where the similarity ends and the differences begin.

1st Choice Savings is owned by its members. Anyone can join 1st Choice Savings, be an owner, and help chart the course for the future.
The 1st Choice Savings Board of Directors is elected by, and accountable to, the credit union membership, not some distant group of shareholders.
1st Choice Savings is part of each community that we serve - and 1st Choice Savings is committed to helping our communities grow.
Everyone at 1st Choice Savings, including Account Managers, and even the CEO, works for you. Their prime objective is to help you make your dreams a financial reality.
We're proud to say that most people still come to us referred by friends or family, or attracted by our reputation as a reliable provider of a full range of financial services. In addition to our in-branch services, we provide members with convenient online, mobile and ATM banking services. We offer a full range of wealth management services, and we are recognized as a leading provider of financial services to Southern Alberta's diversified business and agricultural sector.

1st Choice Savings is passionate about providing exceptional service to you, our current and future members working together to meet your financial needs and goals and provide you with superior value.

Our Vision
To become "The Financial Institution of Choice"

Our Mission
Our mission is to meet the financial needs of our member owners, giving strength to our people, our communities and our credit union while delivering exceptional personal service.

Our Values
Our Members

To recognize our members as unique individuals
To realize and ensure that ownership and control of 1st Choice Savings and Credit Union Ltd. ultimately rests with member-owners
To deliver services that fulfill real needs, provide superior value and contribute to the economic well being of our members
To ensure future business continuity by managing our affairs in a prudent manner
To return surplus earnings to members who have contributed to our financial success
To encourage the principles of self help, free enterprise, financial planning and the wise use of credit
Our Employees

To recognize that our people are a key resource, and our dealings with them must reflect fairness, equity and integrity
To provide a working environment that encourages pride, teamwork and mutual respect, and is conducive to the attainment of professional and personal goals
Our Community

To cultivate and maintain business and social relationships reflecting leadership, integrity and responsibility
To contribute to the social and environmental well being of the community in which we work by reinvesting our resources and leadership