“To be the leader in building financial futures, together.”

That, in a nutshell, is Northern Credit Union’s vision. But there’s much more to it than that.

With guidance from our members, our delegates, our Board of Directors and our Executive Team, our vision sets some very clear goals between now and 2020—from our commitment to members and employees, to our blueprint for financial growth and community support.


Members
Northern’s growth is and always will be dependent on our ability to build strong relationships with our current and future members. This includes finding new ways to create value and tools to enhance the member experience in a rapidly evolving E-Commerce environment.

We’re committed to being at the forefront of technology, and that means being the first to introduce new conveniences and capabilities to help members reach their financial goals. But for all the exciting developments we’ll introduce over the next ten years, our greatest strengths will always lie in our local understanding and desire to do more for our members – every day, without fail.

Ultimately, it’s this promise that brings more members to Northern every day, and inspires them to grow their relationship with us. Today, many of these members have chosen to abandon the big banks; relying on Northern for the majority of their financial needs. And as they continue growing their commitment to us, we will continue growing our commitment to them.

At Northern, we’re deeply invested in the ongoing training and development of our people. We attract, develop and retain only the most talented individuals at all levels of our organization, and we do everything we can to nurture their growth.

Becoming a Northern employee isn’t easy. To earn your True North Strong badge, you have to believe in our credit union and embrace our vision and core values. It means being personally invested in the financial health and wellbeing of your members, and having the knowledge to recommend products and services with real benefit to their lives.

To truly appreciate the service-oriented culture of initiative and teamwork at Northern, you’d have to experience it for yourself. Each day, thousands of our members do. We help young families, local businesspeople, Northerners approaching retirement – people we’re proud to call our neighbours. And since all of our decisions are made locally, we’re able to do more for them.

