Local Decision Making
Being locally owned and operated means that all decisions are made right here, from approving a loan to introducing a new product or service. Motor City also benefits from being a part of a national system of credit unions that work co-operatively on the national, provincial and local level to guide members in achieving financial well-being. Motor City’s Financial Services Representatives can help you get there. Co-operative banking the credit union way sets us apart.

The Motor City Story
Motor City Community Credit Union has a heritage that dates back to the early 1900s when one of the first local credit unions was started inside the Windsor Star in 1938. This credit union was later to be known as the Printers’ Industrial Credit Union. Then, sometime during May 1940, another local credit union was formed within the City of Windsor’s transportation department called the S.W. and A. Credit Union.

As the credit union system started to develop in those early years, the auto sector began some of their own operations when three Ford Motor employees groups formed credit unions in 1943, followed in 1944 by the Motorco plants #1 and #3 Chrysler employees. As these credit unions mainly consisted of employees of specific companies, they were known as "closed bond" financial institutions.

Over the next decade several credit unions were formed to assist the workers of various Companies throughout the region. Over time they began to share ideas, help each other and eventually combine efforts to form larger financial institutions. As the financial industry changed, so did the makeup of the local credit union system, with many of the "closed bond" credit unions combining operations and opening their doors to all residents of Windsor and Essex County.

Today, MCCCU is open to all residents of Windsor and Essex County, with each person having the same control as our ancestors originally planned: one member-owner is to have only ONE vote.

MCCCU is truly a complete financial institution built from the ground up. Become a member-owner today.

Standing true to the Credit Union philosophies, Motor City is a supporter of many non-profit organizations, social groups, young business leaders, local sports & youth groups and environmentally friendly cooperatives.

It is our goal to maintain and continue to keep the true principles of our local credit union system. Credit Unions are here, for the people in our community, supporting our community, run by and governed by our members.

If your non-profit organization would like to submit a proposal for consideration please download the Sponsorship Form.