

   Skip to Content 
   Login to Online Banking 

  About Us

   Home 
   About Us 
   Community 
   Becoming a Member 
   Careers 
   Find Branch/ATM 
   Rates 
   Contact Us 

   Personal 
   Business 

   Online Banking 
   Products and Services 
   Planning and Advice 
   Tools and Calculators 

You are here:

   Home (Personal Banking) 
   About Us 

   Contact Us 
   Who We Are 
   Careers 
   Media Centre 
   Online Policies 
   Internet Security 

  About Us

  Your Financial Life Partner

SASCU is a forward looking, community hearted, financial organization driven
to provide world class products and services for all phases of your life.

With four established branches, SASCU is continuing to grow in size,
offerings, and quality. We continue to be the number one choice for businesses
and residents in the Shuswap region.

  History

The story of the Salmon Arm Savings and Credit Union began in 1946, when a
small group of orchard farmers found they could not get the loans they needed
from the bank. Credit Unions were a relatively new financial institution whose
growing popularity in the region was borne out of the global economic collapse
of 1929 and the subsequent Great Depression of the 1930s. With 14 original
members and no office, SASCU was incorporated on April 29, 1946. The following
month, the first transaction in our credit union’s history was made on May 28,
with a deposit of $41.50. SASCU has come a long way since the end of 1946,
when it had grown to 33 members and $205 in assets.

  Subsidiaries

SASCU Wealth Incorporated, a subsidiary of SASCU Financial Group, has been
part of the financial planning industry since 1998, when it was first
established as Member Plus Financial Planning & Investment Services Ltd. It
became SASCU Wealth Inc. after it was rebranded in 2009.  
  
SASCU Insurance, a subsidiary of SASCU Financial Group, was created in 2008
and initially entered the marketplace as a start-up business, making it only
one of two privately owned insurance companies in the Shuswap area. As of
August 31, 2018, SASCU Insurance has a second location in Enderby, with the
purchase of Shuswap Insurance Brokers.

  Today

SASCU communities and its members continue to prosper under this co-operative
philosophy and unique credit union structure: Our members are also our owners
and our customers. We have four branches serving our communities: two in
Salmon Arm (Downtown and Uptown branches), Sicamous Branch and Sorrento
Branch.

As of May 31, 2018, SASCU is owned by 19,375 members. With assets of over $720
million under administration, SASCU is among the top-rated credit unions in
Canada.

We thrive on providing quality service in a friendly and professional manner
for your entire financial product and service needs throughout all phases of
your life.

Who We Are

Careers

Media Centre

Online Policies

   Privacy 

Internet Security

Contact Us

Join SASCU Today

  Login To Online Banking

   Legal 
   Site Map 
   Help 
   Internet Security 

   facebook 
   youtube 
   instagram 
   linkedin 

© Sat Mar 02 11:55:30 PST 2019 Salmon Arm Savings and Credit Union.  All
rights reserved.

  

