Keeping everybody's money safe.
Canadian banking regulations are set to become more complex over the next decade, rather than less. Managing it all is anticipated to be a huge administrative burden for smaller financial institutions. Central 1 has your back. Our Risk, Fraud, and Compliance solutions keep up with ongoing regulatory changes so you don’t have to. Work with the company that adapts to change the fastest. That’s Central 1.

A customizable, analytical solution that goes beyond requirements.
Thanks to Central 1, you can do more than report your loan losses—you can understand and act on them too. Our scalable IFRS 9 National Platform meets all the reporting and disclosure requirements, plus gives you insight into what’s driving your loan loss numbers.
Ready. Set. Go. Forms and documents for every account you open.
Save yourself the hassle and uncertainty of creating and maintaining your own core banking, personal and commercial account opening forms and documents. Our Operations Manual Program provides access to a library of forms and do
Solid strategy from people who are in the same business as you.
Two, three, and even four heads are better than one when it comes to developing the right business strategy. That’s why it’s best to get expert advice, planning, and actual help from people who are in your line of business. Our Strategic and Operational Consulting Services work collaboratively with you to find innovative solutions to your particular business challenges.

cuments you need to service your customers.
Nothing matters more than the people you hire.
Businesses are nothing without the right people. But sometimes you need a bit of help in attracting, managing, and motivating even the best staff. Maybe the issue is confidential, or a large one-off project. You may not be big enough to warrant an HR officer of your own—but that doesn’t mean you should go it alone—not when our People Solutions Consultants are here to help.

Let us help you find your brand flavour.
Work with a passionate team dedicated to creative and consulting services that not only win industry awards but make customers stand up and act. Tap. Snap. Deposit Anywhere? That won awards and drove $63 million worth of cheque deposits in just eight months. That’s what happens when you work with people who live, sleep, eat, and breathe financial services marketing.

Know where you stand and where you’re going next.
Good business decisions are based on solid research. But what about the smaller financial institutions that don’t have the bandwidth to study the competitive landscape? Central 1’s Consumer Research team is the answer. Our focus is to keep your business competitive, whether you read our regular reports, or reach out for some one-on-one consulting time. We can help you get to the next level.

