uilding a better world for everyone, every day. 
That pretty much sums up what we’re about. There’s a lot of different ways to do this, and banking’s the way we’ve decided to do it.

We work toward this purpose by enabling members and communities to invest in one another. When you deposit money at Affinity, it gets reinvested into your community as loans that other members can use to buy homes, start businesses, get educated and put other dreams into reach.
Money flows in and money flows out, firing up the economy and making our communities into even more vibrant, exciting places to live. At Affinity, we like to think of ourselves as the engine for the local economy and this is how that engine runs!

Where you put your money says a lot about you. As a credit union that’s open, honest, inclusive and committed, you can feel good about where your money’s going with Affinity. Look closely and you’ll see it in action, building a better world by improving the lives of people right here at home.

Not an Affinity Credit Union member? 
Give us a call at 1.866.863.6237, stop by one of our advice centres or open up an account online. 
Join the better banking movement today!
Our Values
As a credit union, Affinity’s a co-operative financial institution. This means we’re owned by our members, and it also means we’re guided by seven principles shared by every co-op. These are:

Voluntary and open membership – everyone’s welcome at Affinity. Each of our members helps make their community a better place to live and we appreciate every one of them.
Democratic member control – we’re owned and controlled by our members. Each member has a voice in the way we do business – one member, one vote.
Member economic participation – every member has a $5 share in Affinity, and they have a say in how we operate.
Autonomy and independence – we get to know our members, their families, their businesses and their communities, and in partnership with them we make decisions in everyone’s best interest.
Education, training and information – we provide education and training for our members, elected representatives and employees so they can contribute to the development of their credit union. We share knowledge through our website, workshops and at our advice centres.
Co-operation among co-operatives – we co-operate with other co-operatives to build businesses that serve the needs of our members and their communities.
Concern for community – we have a social and economic responsibility to build and maintain strong communities. It’s for the benefit of everyone!