WFCU Credit Union has been recognized as a leading, progressive financial institution headquartered in Windsor and Essex County since 1941. Proudly serving Ontario residents, community organizations, small businesses, commercial entities and public institution for over 77 years, WFCU Credit Union is the sixth largest credit union in Ontario, operating nine retail locations and one digital entity, Omnia Direct. Through these service channels, in combination with online and mobile banking, telephone banking and ATM services, WFCU Credit Union has become the financial institution of choice for 41,286 Members across Ontario including 37,088 Personal Members in 18,665 households, 2,792 Businesses and 1,406 Organizations. Currently, WFCU Credit Union has $4.78 Billion in Managed Assets and Member Service Totals of $6.4 Billion.  WFCU Credit Union membership is open to anyone who lives and/or works in Ontario. For more information on WFCU Credit Union please visit wfcu.ca.

Vision
WFCU Credit Union – Quality, Convenience, Innovation, Open to Everyone and Yours To Own.

Mission Statement
WFCU Credit Union will provide services and a full range of highest quality financial products to make our community the best place to live and work.

Corporate Values
Ethics
We will conduct business of the organization with the highest standards of honesty and ethics.

Integrity
We will adhere to high moral actions and will pledge to operate in a straightforward and principled manner.

Members
Our members and service to our members are our highest priority. Striving to establish long-term relationships will ensure a member focused organization.

Directors
Our Board of Directors will represent the best interests of our members and ensure that corporate planning, policies and strategic direction is in place to effectively promote the interests of our members.

Management & Staff
We will provide an atmosphere of co-operation allowing individual input towards the successful achievement of the strategic direction. Personal self-development, a willingness to adapt and eagerness to learn will be of the highest importance.

Excellence of Service & Quality
We are dedicated to providing a level of quality service which will best assist our membership.  All management and staff are committed to understanding our products and services and will conform to job requirements at all times.

Innovation
We will continuously seek progressive and innovative methods to better service our members and our communities.