Personal banking should be just that…personal.

Tired of cookie-cutter banking that doesn’t fit your needs and banks that push you towards products even if it isn’t best for you?

At Mainstreet we take the time to listen and customize your financial plan and products. As a cooperative we are owned by and exist for our member-owners (pssst ...that’s you!) so we aren’t worried about funneling big profits to shareholders and to a head office in Toronto. We exist to serve your needs and guess what, if we have a great year our success is shared with you our owners, and invested in your local community. Dollars and decisions stay local and that is banking that you can feel good about.

With personal banking we have a variety of savings, as well as chequing accounts you can choose from based on how often you do transactions and how you like to bank.

Banking is easy with our many convenient options like our mobile banking app, online banking on tablet or desktop, telephone banking, in-branch services, and a network of over 3500+ ding-free/surcharge-free ATM’s across the country (and more internationally).

As a member you can also count on our free advice and expertise at all the stages of your financial journey ---we are here to help guide you and assist you in realizing your personal dreams.

Member Stories
Taking care of and personally “investing in” our Mainstreet members is what makes our financial experience so unique. What happens when you have someone in your court- someone who handles your mortgage process from start to finish instead of a call centre where you jump around person to person; what happens when someone looks at your big picture and recommends ways to save you money or get you a better rate? What happens when your rep takes the time to answer all your questions – even if it means by text later that night?

What happens is banking reinvented which is why so many of our members are so happy with us and why we think you will be too. Check out the stories of how we are investing in making our members and communities better one person and one act at a time…