

   Skip to Content 
   Login to Online Banking 

  About Us

   Home 
   In Your Community 
   Becoming a Member 
   About Us 
   Careers 
   Find Branch/ATM 
   Help 
   Contact Us 
   Rates 

   Online Banking 
   Products and Services 
   Planning and Advice 
   Tools and Calculators 

You are here:

   Home (Personal Banking) 
   About Us 

   Who We Are 
   Careers 
   Online Policies 
   Internet Security 
   Contact Us 
   Annual General Meeting 
   Credit Union Membership 
   Board of Directors 
   Financial Statements 
   Profit Share 
   Surveys 
   Our Vision, Statement of Purpose & Values 
   Your Leadership 

  About Us

  About Bow Valley Credit Union

Bow Valley Credit Union's success is built on three pillars - our membership,
our communities and our team. Each pillar is as critical as the next, working
together to create a strong foundation from which your credit union continues
to grow.

Bank Local! Feel Good!

We are 100% locally owned and operated by people that use our services - our
members.  Being local means our staff understand the environment in which we
do business and can act quickly and decisively to serve our members best.
Being local also means the needs and goals of our communities comes first.
Credit Union members also enjoy the utmost in deposit security.  Deposits,
including interest earned are 100% guaranteed by the Credit Union Deposit
Guarantee Corporation!

For more than 60 years, Bow Valley Credit Union has been providing financial
services to members in the Bow Valley Corridor. Bow Valley Credit Union's six
branches serve approximately 10,000 members in Airdrie, Banff, Canmore,
Calgary and Cochrane. The Credit Union has prospered by knowing and responding
to the unique needs of urban centers along the Bow Valley Corridor. The Credit
Union's expertise in the unique needs of our market is unsurpassed. To ensure
the continued success of its members and communities, Bow Valley Credit Union
is committed to providing a full range of financial services that help
individuals and their families - as well as local entrepreneurs - get ahead
and stay ahead.

Bow Valley Credit Union offers individuals everything from personal savings
and chequing accounts to loans and mortgages to term deposits, RRSPs, RRIFs,
and mutual funds. For small business owners, Bow Valley Credit Union offers
Strictly Business - a package of products and services specifically designed
for the unique needs of entrepreneurs. Strictly Business small business
services include a tiered interest chequing account, same day credit card
deposit service, small business lending, investment products, and more.

Come visit us  or  call us  today to find out how banking local can benefit
you!

  Login To Online Banking

  Find Branch/ATM

Enter address, postal code or branch name

List All Branches  |  Search Tips

   Privacy 
   Internet Security 
   Legal 
   Site Map 
   Accessibility Statement 

  

