

   Skip to Content 
   Login to Online Banking 

  About Casera  Simple and straightforward.

   About Casera 
   Become a Member 
   Tools and Calculators 
   Rates 
   Contact Us 

   What's New 
   Casera Financial 

   Personal Solutions 
   Business Solutions 

Find a Branch or ATM

   About Casera 
   What's New 
   Become a Member 
   Tools and Calculators 
   Rates 
   Careers 

You are here:

   About Casera  Simple and straightforward. 

  About Casera  Simple and straightforward.

Exceptional service should be an easy flowing transaction between a credit
union and its membership. At Casera, we are working hard to eliminate
inefficiencies, streamline processes and enhance our interactions.  
  
As a member-focused co-operative, Casera Credit Union’s goal is simple: to
provide exceptional service and innovative financial solutions designed to
help families prosper, businesses succeed, and communities thrive.  
  
Benefits  |  Features  
---|---  
Open membership  |  Everyone can join. Become a Casera member in 3 quick
steps:  
  
• fill out an application online or in-person at your neighbourhood branch  
• pay your $5 share.  
• start banking  
Profit sharing  |  As a credit union owner and voting member, you are also
entitled to share in Casera’s profits through share dividends and patronage
refunds, as determined annually by our Board of Directors.  
Neighbourhood values  |  We invest in programs, events and initiatives that
build stronger, more vibrant neighbourhoods.  
Expert Advice  |  Talk to us. Our knowledgeable staff will provide straight
answers to all your questions.  
Secured deposits  |  All deposits are 100% guaranteed by the Deposit Guarantee
Corporation of Manitoba.  
Diversity of service  |  Our face to face service and prosperity-building
products are at the heart of our success. We also offer the latest in banking
technologies, including online and mobile banking, a self-directed wealth
management option and a virtual branch – Casera Financial.  
  
  Mission, Vision & Core Values  Expand/Collapse

Mission:  
  
To fulfill our members’ financial needs with trustworthy advice, market
leading products, and exceptional service that creates rewarding member
experiences.  
  
Vision:  
  
We will prosper and enrich our relationship with members by introducing
technologies that broaden the ways we deliver service.  
  
Core Values:  
  
Investment in People  
  
We invest in our employees, providing in-depth training and an array of career
opportunities to assist them in delivering exceptional member service.  
  
Support of Community  
  
We foster leadership and enrichment in the spirit of the co-operative
principles by proudly supporting community programs and events that enhance
our neighbourhoods.  
  
Commitment to Excellence  
  
We strive for excellence by embracing change, anticipating our members’
financial needs, leveraging advanced technologies and delivering sound
financial solutions.

  Directors & CEO  Expand/Collapse

Brent Thomas, Chief Executive Officer  
  
With more than 30 years of front office experience in Manitoba’s credit union
system, Brent Thomas has a keen understanding of what it takes to lead an
efficient, forward-thinking financial institution. Brent has been at the helm
of Casera since 1999, and under his leadership, the credit union continues to
grow and deliver exceptional personal service and creative banking solutions.  
  
Board of Directors  
  
Robert Riddell, Board Chair  
Barry Hoeppner, Vice Chair  
Barbara Anderson  
Dave Abel  
Sky Bridges  
Linda Hansen  
Adrian Measner  
Glen Swanson  
Grace Page

  Become a Casera Director  Expand/Collapse

HELP CASERA GROW & PROSPER  
  
Join the Board of Directors  
  
Casera Credit Union is seeking members with significant business experience to
join its Board of Directors. Candidates for the Board should have a passion
for credit union values, as well as demonstrated competencies in some of the
following:  
  
• audit and compliance  
• Board and Chief Executive Officer performance  
• credit union operations  
• financial literacy  
• governance and ethics  
• leadership  
• regulatory environment  
• risk management oversight  
• strategic planning  
  
Casera embraces the benefits provided by a diverse Board and works hard to
recruit new Directors who reflect the credit union's membership.  
  
If you’ve been a member of Casera for at least a year and wish to explore this
opportunity, please  click here  to download a Nomination Package.  
  
Application deadline is Friday, March 15, 2019.

  Uncomplicated Banking  Expand/Collapse

An easy flowing transaction.  
  
We believe that exceptional service should be an easy flowing transaction
between a credit union and its membership. At Casera, we’re working hard to
eliminate inefficiencies, streamline processes and enhance our interactions.
We are striving to make our members’ banking experiences as seamless and
straightforward as possible. In other words, we are making banking
uncomplicated.  
  
To learn more about how we're providing value to our members' banking
experiences, check out  uncomplicatedbanking.ca  .

  Get to Know Us  Expand/Collapse

Our purpose is to serve.  
  
Casera Credit Union was founded in the boiler shop of the Canadian National
Railway's Transcona Shops in 1951, the vision of 10 tradesmen who invested $5
each for an opportunity to save and borrow money. Since then, we have branched
out from Transcona to St. Vital, changed our name from Transcona Credit Union
to Casera, and along the way became one of Winnipeg's leading providers of
innovative financial services.  
  
Over the years, we have never lost our founders' roll-up-your-sleeves-and-get-
to-work attitude. We still believe that a person's character is just as
valuable as their collateral and that the communities we do business in are
our neighbourhoods too. Above all, we are proud of our determination to carry
on the time-honoured tradition of face to face service. At Casera, personal
service is not just a promise – it is our purpose.

  Newsletters  Expand/Collapse

In Casera's quarterly newsletter you'll find informative news items, a message
from our CEO and timely stories about our technologies, products, and
services. You can always access the newsletter any time of the day on our
website.  
  
Click below to view and download our newsletters.  
  
January 2019  New  
  
October 2018  
  
July 2018  
  
April 2018  
  
January 2018  
  
October 2017  
  
July 2017  
  
April 2017  
  
January 2017  
  
  
  

  Our Timeline  Expand/Collapse

A legacy of success.  
  
Since 1951, Casera Credit Union has grown and prospered. We are nurtured by
the vision of our ten charter members, strengthened by the loyalty of our
members and powered by the dedication of our hard-working staff.  
  
1951  
  
The Group of 10  
  
Transcona Credit Union Society launches with $50 in its account. Ten charter
members from the Canadian National Railway (CNR) Transcona Shops – Walter
Alam, Harry Brown, Charles Burkett, Robert Davison, Arthur Everton, Eric
Hansen, Thomas Herling, Walter Keen, Peter Mathewson and Michael Tomkiw – put
up $5 each to form an employee credit union.  
  
1952  
  
Open for Business  
  
TCU operates out of a small trailer on Bond Street, north of the CNR Shops’
main gate. Members can now open savings accounts and apply for mortgages up to
$1,000.  
  
1954  
  
Bond Street Finance  
  
A new office opens at 208 Bond Street. Membership in TCU is opened to all
Transcona residents.  
  
1960  
  
New Location  
  
TCU moves into new offices at 108 Bond Street.  
  
1963  
  
Open to All  
  
TCU opens its bond of association. Now, anyone can become a member.  
  
1964  
  
Million Dollar Milestone  
  
Thirteen years after being established, TCU achieves $1 million in assets.  
  
1970  
  
Walk-Up Service  
  
Manitoba’s first walk-up teller is installed. It handles deposits and
withdrawals before and after regular office hours.  
  
1973  
  
Merger Vote  
  
Members of TCU and the CCIL Employees Credit Union approve a merger. TCU grows
by 174 new members.  
  
1977  
  
A New Address  
  
Increasing membership leads to construction of a new building at 1300 Plessis
Road. The Bond Street branch is closed two years later.  
  
1984  
  
Another First  
  
TCU becomes the first Manitoba credit union to go online with an electronic
financial services network. The move paves the way for automated tellers.  
  
1985  
  
Do-it-Yourself Automation  
  
An ATM is installed in the Plessis branch. By 1989, the machine is recognized
as the busiest credit union ATM in the province.  
  
1991  
  
Financial Fun  
  
Thanks to the launch of the Fat Cat and Moving Up youth accounts, TCU’s
youngest members can learn about saving money.  
  
1994  
  
Eastward Expansion  
  
TCU opens a new branch on Kildare Avenue. Walter Alam, the last remaining
charter member, cuts the ribbon.  
  
1995  
  
Drive-Thru Convenience  
  
Manitoba’s first credit union drive-thru ATM is unveiled at the Plessis
branch. It processes 996 transactions in four days.  
  
1997  
  
High School Branch  
  
TCU partners with Transcona Collegiate Institute to form Titan Credit Union, a
course-based program that teaches money management.  
  
2001  
  
Celebrating Success  
  
TCU’s first 50 years of success are celebrated.  
  
2006  
  
Fresh Identity  
  
A new branch opens on St. Anne’s Road in St. Vital. To reflect expansion to a
new market area, TCU changes its name to Casera Credit Union.  
  
2008  
  
Making a Difference  
  
Casera becomes a sponsor of the Casera Walk With L’Arche,  
a major fundraiser to assist people with developmental disabilities.  
  
2009  
  
Service Enhancements  
  
A new computer system is installed, enhancing Casera’s delivery of Internet-
based services. Casera becomes the first credit union in Manitoba to launch
mobile banking.  
  
2010  
  
Security and Convenience  
  
Casera introduces chip cards that use microchip technology to make retail
payments and ATM withdrawals safer and more convenient.  
  
2011  
  
Honouring Our Heritage  
  
Casera celebrates 60 years of success. Publishes Strength Through Service, a
history of the credit union from 1951 to 2011.  
  
2012  
  
Rolling Out Technology  
  
New banking technology – Mobile Web, Interac® e-Transfer and Direct Alerts –
is rolled out. Casera's Facebook page makes its debut.  
  
2014  
  
Keeping Pace  
  
To keep pace with the competitive financial industry, Casera launches a new
app called Casera CU Mobile. Small Business Online Banking is also introduced
to help meet the needs of business members.  
  
2015  
  
Stepping Forward  
  
Deposit Anywhere™ is introduced, allowing members to deposit cheques with
their smartphones.  
  
Casera refreshes its logo and introduces U.B., the credit union's new
spokesperson. A new website called  uncomplicatedbanking.ca  , is launched,
becoming a companion site to caseracu.ca.  
  
Casera partners with Dakota Collegiate to establish Lancer Credit Union, a
course-based program that teaches money management.  
  
To help broaden the credit union's reach, a virtual branch – Casera Financial
– is launched online. Now, members can conduct business with Casera no matter
where they live.  
  
2016  
  
Pioneering Success  
  
Casera celebrates 65 years of initiative and innovation. Publishes
Trailblazers Infographic Poster, a history of the credit union’s trailblazing
firsts.  
  
The inaugural Casera Community Awards is launched to recognize individuals and
nonprofit groups whose tireless leadership enriches our neighbourhoods.  
  
2017  
  
Service Optimization  
  
New generation ATMs are installed at the Kildare and Southglen branches. The
machines feature a larger monitor with improved graphics and enhanced
interface.  
  
Personal Financial Management (PFM) system launches as an enhanced feature of
CU@Home. A smart and secure way for members to view their accounts and
understand their money.  
  
Youth branch, Titan Credit Union celebrates 20 year anniversary.

  Our Community  Expand/Collapse

Building stronger neighbourhoods.  
  
Caring for our community is one of the cornerstone values of Casera Credit
Union. As a community-focused financial institution, we not only help our
members achieve their financial goals, we also invest in programs, events and
initiatives that build stronger, more vibrant neighbourhoods.  
  
We believe that our communities are made stronger by the diversity of the
people in them. We welcome the arrival of New Canadians to our neighbourhoods
and we continue to reach out with initiatives that assist them in becoming
successful citizens.  
  
Since our founding in 1951, Casera has committed to helping young people grow
and prosper. Over the years we have won awards for our efforts, and we will
continue to work closely with community-based organizations that create
opportunities for young people to learn the value of education, leadership and
financial management.

  Casera Community Awards  Expand/Collapse

Honouring Neighbourhood Heroes  
  

For over 68 years, Casera has actively supported community-focused programs,
events and initiatives that enhance our Transcona and St. Vital
neighbourhoods.  
  

There are many dedicated individuals and nonprofit groups that work tirelessly
and at times without recognition to make our community a vibrant place in
which to live and work. We acknowledge their good deeds with the annual Casera
Community Awards.  
  

“Our aim is to bring recognition to deserving community leaders and groups in
Transcona and St. Vital,” says Brent Thomas, Casera's CEO. “We want to
celebrate their endeavours and accomplishments and share their success stories
with others.”  
  

There are two categories of awards:  
  

Community Leadership  – The Leadership Award honours those individuals who
over time have contributed to the social fabric of their community through
visionary leadership or tireless volunteer work.  
  

Community Enrichment  – The Enrichment Award celebrates nonprofit
organizations that over time have made significant contributions to the well-
being of the neighbourhoods in which they work.  
  

Nomination forms are available at  Casera’s  branches, or  click here  to
download the form. Deadline for nominations is March 15, 2019. The awards will
be presented at  Casera's  Annual General Meeting on April 16, 2019.

  Profit Sharing  Expand/Collapse

An investment in ownership.  
  
Every Casera member approved for membership is required to deposit into a
common share account as a declaration of his or her ownership. Common shares
form part of the capital of the credit union and are a required investment. A
monthly deposit of $2.50 into your share account (up to a maximum of $200) is
a condition of ownership in the credit union. You may grow your common shares
to the maximum limit at any time by purchasing $5 shares bimonthly ($2.50 is
withdrawn every month from your account) or purchasing 40 $5 shares ($200)
when you open your membership.  
  
Surplus shares are dividends paid out by Casera and are based on the value of
a member’s common shares. With the approval of the Board of Directors,
patronage refunds may be paid on interest earned or paid by the membership.
Common shares and surplus shares are RRSP and RRIF eligible. Since 1994,
Casera has returned over $3.4 million in shared profits to members.  
  
Benefits  |  Features  
---|---  
A healthy credit union  |  Casera’s common share program helps the credit
union maintain a strong equity position.  
Strong membership  |  As owners, members participate in Casera’s democratic
framework. You can help elect directors and influence policy at annual general
meetings.  
Shared earnings  |  Ownership allows members to share in Casera’s profits.  
Affordability  |  Minimum share ($2.50 per month) required.  
  
Casera also offers a Class A Preference Share Program, an exclusive equity
investment option that provides an opportunity to earn an attractive dividend.
The sale of preference shares also helps strengthen Casera’s financial
position through increased member share capital.  
  
More information about our preference share program.

  

Casera’s Common Share and Surplus Share programs are free.  
View Casera's service fees  .

  100% Deposit Guarantee  Expand/Collapse

The credit union advantage.  
  
At Casera, all member deposits are guaranteed 100% by the Deposit Guarantee
Corporation (DGCM) of Manitoba.  Click here to access DGCM's website  .  
  
About DGCM  
  
The Deposit Guarantee Corporation of Manitoba (DGCM) is the deposit guarantor
for Manitoba Credit Unions and is required by law to guarantee without limit,
all the deposits you make with your credit union. DGCM guarantees all money
placed in a savings or deposit account, including any interest credited to
those accounts. The corporation does not guarantee or insure the equity of a
credit union. Equity consists of shares issued by the credit union or other
securities and surpluses of the credit union.  
  
Further, DGCM promotes adherence to sound and prudent standards of financial
practice by all Manitoba credit unions. This is accomplished through the
monitoring and examination programs of the corporation, which also help to
ensure that each credit union operates within the requirements of The Credit
Unions and Caisses Populaires Act and its Regulations. In addition, an
independent, annual audit confirms that each credit union's financial
statement presents a true picture of its operating results.

  Casera By-Laws  Expand/Collapse

Every five years, Casera’s Board of Directors initiates a review of the credit
union’s By-laws to remove any outdated provisions, make changes that align
them to sound governance and current industry practices, and ensure that they
comply with The Credit Unions and Caisse Populaires Act. The latest evaluation
was undertaken in late 2017 with the assistance of legal counsel and completed
in early 2018.

As a result of this review, some proposed amendments to the By-laws were
presented for approval by Casera’s membership in a special resolution at the
Annual General Meeting (AGM) on April 17th.

The changes focus on revising the qualifications of Directors to include a
minimum competencies requirement, expanding the methods of voting, amending
the nomination process, selection and campaigning of Directors, and broadening
the method of providing notice for meetings.

The new By-laws document has also been improved — it is now presented in a
more simplified format, which makes it easier to reference. To review Casera’s
By-Laws, please click below.

   Casera's By-Laws 

  Online Banking

  Login To Online Banking

Card Number

Access Code (PAC)

Forgot your PAC?

Add a Memorized Account

To log in to online banking, you must have JavaScript and cookies enabled.

Fixed Term Mortgages  (Rates effective 2018-11-26)  
---  
6 Months  |  3.19%  
1 Year  |  3.29%  
2 Year  |  3.39%  
3 Year  |  3.49%  
4 Year  |  3.59%  
5 Year  |  3.69%  
  
     Casera's 2017 Annual Report  (PDF - 1017.56 KB) 

Click to review and download Casera Credit Union's 2017 Annual Report.

     Casera's 2017 Financial Statements  (PDF - 6.65 MB) 

Click to review and download Casera Credit Union's 2017 audited financial
statements.

  Connect with Us

  Your goals are our goals, and together we'll achieve them.

  Contact us today to get started

  
  

  Personal Solutions

   Banking Solutions 
   Borrowing Solutions 
   Investment Solutions 
   Insurance Solutions 

  Business Solutions

   Banking Solutions 
   Borrowing Solutions 
   Investment Solutions 
   Insurance Solutions 
   Community Solutions 

  About Casera

   Vision, Mission & Values 
   Get to Know Us 
   Our Timeline 
   Our Community 
   Careers 

   Casera Financial 
   Online Banking 
   Find A Branch 
   ATM Finder 
   uncomplicatedbanking.ca 

   Internet Security 
   Legal 
   Site Map 
   Accessibility Statement 
   Contact Us 

  

