

   Skip to Content 
   Login to Online Banking 

  About Us

   Home 
   About Us 
   In Our Community 
   Careers 
   Rates 
   Find Branch/ATM 
   Contact Us 

   Online Banking 
   Products and Services 
   Planning and Advice 
   Tools and Calculators 

You are here:

   Home (Personal Banking) 
   About Us 

   Board of Directors 
   Executive Leadership Team 
   In Our Community 
   Careers 
   Media Center 
   Contact Us 
   Security and Privacy Centre 
   Online Policies 
   Subsidiaries 

  About Us

As one of Canada's largest credit unions, Westminster Savings is dedicated to
providing full financial services to the residents of Metro Vancouver.

   About Us 
   Fast Facts 
   Corporate News 
   Corporate Reports & Official Notices 

  About Us

At Westminster Savings, we exist to serve the needs of our customers and help
advise, empower and enable them so they can achieve their most important
goals, however large or small they may be.

  Our purpose

To be the financial partner of choice for busy families and growing small
businesses in our communities so they can achieve their most important goals.

  

Working with us is never just a "yes" or "no" situation because we know that
life and business aren't like that either. So we provide great tools, products
and information so our customers can move forward confidently.

  Our vision

Enriching the lives of our customers.

  

Enriching people's lives is a vision we collectively pursue every day by
looking beyond accounts, rates, products and services to ensure we
continuously deliver real and tangible value to our customers.

  Our core values

   Integrity:  We act with honesty and respect 
   Caring:  We learn and understand the unique needs of our customers, employees and community 
   Innovation:  We seek to simplify and improve on what we do every day 
   Teamwork:  We collaborate and work together to achieve excellence 
   Accountability:  We take responsibility for our actions and delivering results 

  

We help our customers achieve a better balance in life by helping them achieve
a better balance financially.

  More about us

Learn more about what who we are and what we're doing in our communities.

   Meet our Board of Directors 
   Learn about Project Better Balance 
   Read our corporate reports 
   Westminster Savings Credit Union Rules 

  More about what we do

We have the right product & services for your personal or business needs.

   See our Personal Banking solutions 
   See our Business Banking solutions 
   Read about our convenience options 
   Meet our Financial Planners 

  Fast Facts

  Fast Facts

Established:  |  October 19, 1944  
---|---  
Members:  |  67,000  
Assets:  |  $4 billion  
Subsidiaries:  |  WS Leasing Ltd.  (vehicle leasing),  Mercado Capital
Corporation  (equipment leasing), Westminster Savings Financial Planning Ltd.  
Charitable Foundation:  |  Westminster Savings Foundation  (assets: $9.0
million)  
Head Office:  |  Surrey, B.C.  
Employees:  |  432  
Branches:  |  15 branches  , located in Burnaby, New Westminster, Coquitlam,
Port Coquitlam, Maple Ridge, Cloverdale, South Vancouver, Surrey, Langley and
White Rock, plus one Commercial Services branch  
Member Service Centre:  |  604-517-0100  
On the Internet:  |  www.wscu.com  
ATMs:  |  23, all located at our branches (  find an atm  )  
President and CEO:  |  Gavin Toy  
Board Chair:  |  Art Van Pelt  
  
(Current as of June 07, 2018)

  Corporate News

  2017 Press Releases

December 10, 2018  –  Christmas is full of spending temptations, but smart
planning and spending decisions in December. Pro tips on how to spend less
during the holiday season.  
Read more

November 23, 2018  –  Donation is part of credit union’s core purpose and a
way of observing Giving Tuesday.  
Read more

November 16, 2018  –  Arts Umbrella kids paint a legacy with every brush
stroke.  
Read more

October 29, 2018  –  Money sometimes a barrier that keeps kids out of sport -
local foundation support helps New Westminster football player shine.  
Read more

October 18, 2018  –  Canada’s credit unions basking in glow of service
excellence award on International Credit Union Day  
Read more

October 01, 2018  –  Westminster Savings Foundation reaches $4 million
milestone in grants to community groups.  
Read more

August 29, 2018  –  A donation of $10,000 to the Canadian Red Cross has been
made by Westminster Savings Credit Union (Westminster Savings) to help assist
those impacted by the devastating B.C. wildfires.  
Read more

July 24, 2018  –  Westminster Savings Credit Union (Westminster Savings) is
proud to be a community partner of Special Olympics BC and is excited to cheer
on six local athletes ahead of the 2018 Special Olympics Canada Summer Games.  
Read more

May 14, 2018  –  The Westminster Savings Board of Directors elected a new
chair at its recent meeting on May 8, 2018.  
Read more

May 2, 2018  –  Westminster Savings’ Senior Vice President, Human Resources
and Corporate Communications, TJ Schmaltz, has been welcomed into the greater
constellation of Fellow Chartered Professionals in Human Resources (FCPHR).  
Read more

April 18, 2018  –  Westminster Savings Credit Union (Westminster Savings)
announced the results of the 2018 Directors Election at its 74th Annual
General Meeting last night. Six candidates stood for election this year, with
members voting incumbent Hanne Madsen and newcomers Colin G. MacKinnon and
Rita Virk to the Westminster Savings Board of Directors.  
Read more

April 13, 2018  –  Westminster Savings’ Senior Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer and Corporate Secretary, Mary Falconer, has been announced as one of
BC’s Top CFOs in Business in Vancouver’s 2018 BC CFO Awards.  
Read more  
  
March 26, 2018  \- Westminster Savings Credit Union (Westminster Savings) is
pleased to report its financial results, which show significant growth, for
2017.  
Read more

Click here  to see all of our past press releases.

  Corporate Reports & Official Notices

You can view our annual reports reports in pdf format by clicking on the links
below. If you experience any difficulty in accessing the reports, please email
connect@wscu.com  or call us at 604-517-0100 or 1-877-506-0100.  
  

  2017 Interactive Annual Report  |  2017 Annual Report

Read the interactive  Westminster Savings Annual Report  for a detailed
account of the initiatives undertaken by the credit union in 2017.

  

  2017 Management Discussion and Analysis

Read the  Westminster Savings Management Discussion and Analysis  for a
detailed account of the financial, administrative and management initiatives
undertaken by the credit union in 2017, and to view the audited consolidated
financial statements.

  

  2017 Governance Report

The  Corporate Governance Report  provides commentary on our governance
structure, policies and practices, and activities undertaken in 2017.

  

  2017 Westminster Savings Foundation Report

Westminster Savings has been continuing its efforts to make the communities
where we live and work better places for everyone. Read about our efforts in
the  Westminster Savings Foundation Report.

  Login To Online Banking

  In Our Communities

Project Better Balance  helps provide greater access to arts and active living
in our communities.

Click here  for more details.

  Career Opportunities

Looking for a career in the financial industry?

Click here  to see our current employment opportunities.

  Need help?

   Contact us online  . 
   Call 604-517-0100 or toll-free at 1-877-506-0100. 
   Visit a  branch near you  . 

See all our contact options.

©2018 WESTMINSTER SAVINGS  
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED

   Security and Privacy Centre 
   Website Legal Notice 
   Sitemap 
   Help 
        Mobile Site 
     Full Site 

  Products and Services

   Chequing & Savings Accounts 
   Term Deposits 
   VISA Credit Cards 
   Mortgage 
   Business Chequing & Savings 
   Commercial Services Team 

  Tools for Better Balance

   Mortgage Calculator 
   Loan Calculator 
   Education Savings Calculator 
   TFSA Calculator 
   Foreign Exchange Calculator 
   RRIF Calculator 

  About Us

   Join Westminster Savings 
   Media Center 
   In Our Community 
   Careers 
   Corporate Reports 
   Board of Directors 

  

