Our Mission
We are a sound financial institution that provides competitive products, services and advice to help members achieve their financial goals.

Our Vision
To be recognized as a leading credit union, where every member feels valued and supported as they achieve their financial goals.

Our Values
We Value

Our Members.  They are the reason we exist and they are at the heart of what we do.  For us, this means a commitment to continuously improving our members’ experience by delivering relevant products, services and advice with honesty, fairness and respect.

Our Employees.  Our people are our strength and the basis of our ability to provide an exceptional member experience.  We strive to be an employer of choice, where employees are also treated with honesty, fairness and respect; offered opportunities to learn and develop; are paid fairly; and empowered to carry out their duties.

Our Community.  We serve a broad community, and we also benefit from that community.  We recognize our responsibility to make a positive contribution to its health and quality of life.

Co-operation.  We believe in the principles of co-operation and the continuing development of CCCU, the credit union system in Manitoba, Canada and around the world.  Our members are our owners and benefit in many ways from ownership, including having a say in how their credit union is run, and sharing in our profits.

Strong Governance.  The Board of Directors is elected by the membership, and is committed to ensuring effective oversight of the credit union with a view to ensuring a sustainable future.

Our Heritage.  CCCU has a long history in Manitoba, and we honour our past and the original members who brought our credit union to life.

 

Our Value Proposition
 
Financial Value
We maximize value to our members through sound advice, competitive rates and patronage returns that reward member loyalty.

Member Experience
We provide a responsive, respectful member experience that is friendly, accessible and meets members' needs.

Relationships
We help members achieve their financial goals by building relationships, trust and continuity.