Connect First Credit Union Logo

EMAIL SIGN UP

  Navigation

   Home 
   About 

     Get To Know Us 
     Financial Results 
     Bylaws 
   Meet The Team 

     Executive Team 
     Board of Directors 
   Join The Family 

     Careers 
     Credit Unions 
   Community 
   Events & Media 

     Media Releases 
     Upcoming Events 
     Annual General Meeting 
   Contact 
   EMAIL SIGN UP 

  Making Money Make a Difference

A mission to Make Money Make a Difference. A vision to be Alberta’s
neighbourhood credit union. A strong foundation of core values that drive
everything we do:

WE THINK BIG, ACT LOCAL, TAKE CHARGE, and MAKE BANKING EASY.

Banking is about more than money − it’s a cornerstone of every vibrant
community and about positively impacting the communities we live, work and
thrive in. We’re your neighbours and partners. We’re built by people who
wanted to strengthen their community.

Our members are people, not numbers. They find us in boardrooms, branch
offices, volunteering around town, in coffee shops, at kitchen tables, and in
farm fields. Everywhere they need us to be.

Wealth, wellness and a bright future are connected. We invest meaningfully in
the potential and well-being of our people, and the goals and dreams of our
members.

We have honest conversations, about real things, as real people, connecting
the dots between financial aspirations and life.

When our members succeed - we succeed.  
THAT’S THE CONNECT FIRST CREDIT UNION DIFFERENCE.

  Divisions

First Calgary Financial, Chinook Financial, Mountain View Financial and Legacy
Financial have been helping our members achieve their financial goals and
dreams and strengthening our respective communities for over 75 years.
Collectively, we serve more than 120,000 members across 41 branches in central
and southern Alberta communities.

  

First Calgary Financial proudly serves Calgarians through 15 retail branches
in the greater Calgary area. We were officially formed in 1987 through the
amalgamation of 7 open-bond credit unions, however our local spirit and sense
of community stretches back much further. The very first loan made by our
founders in 1938 enabled their neighbour to buy a $50 washing machine.

WE'RE HIRING

Chinook Financial has 11 retail branches in communities across southern
Alberta. We’ve grown from our modest beginnings in the agricultural industry
to a leading financial institution across southern Alberta. Chinook Financial
was originally incorporated in Brooks in 1941 when seven local men were
convinced that a locally-owned financial institution was important to the
area. Thirty-three people each gave one dollar, to start Brooks Credit Union
and we began to grow.

WE'RE HIRING

Mountain View proudly serves members through 13 retail branches across central
Alberta communities. With a dedicated focus on understanding the financial
needs of local members and businesses, we empower a passionate team of local
employees to deliver financial services and products with a true understanding
of local economies and context.

WE'RE HIRING

Legacy Financial has a proud 70-year history of members helping members, and
currently serves 4,000 members through two locations in Calgary. Legacy
Financial specializes in providing financial products and services to current
and retired employees, those training for employment, and all family members
of the City of Calgary, Alberta Central, CP Rail, EnCana Corporation, Fording
Canadian Coal Trust, Fairmont Hotels and Resorts Inc., Legacy hotels REIT
Units and Palliser Hotel.

WE'RE HIRING

  Connect With Us

  Connect First

  First Calgary

  Chinook

  Mountain View

  Legacy

  

   SITE MAP 
   PRIVACY 
   TERMS OF USE 
   CAREERS 
   CONTACT 

EMAIL SIGN UP

© Copyright 2019 • Connect First Credit Union

