Horizon Credit Untion

   Agricultural Services 
   Business Services 
   Personal Services 
   Community Programs 

Contact Us  |  About Us  |  Career  s |  Login to MemberDirect

Search:

You are here:  Home  »  About Us

  ABOUT US

  

Horizon Credit Union  is a member owned financial institution working together
to provide the best financial services and products for the betterment of our
members and our community, Today, Tomorrow, Together.

We provide the best financial services and our staff and board work for the
betterment of each of our communities located along the north and south sides
of the beautiful Qu’appelle Valley in Saskatchewan at: Melville, Grayson,
Grenfell, Neudorf and Wolseley.Our success in today’s environment is due to
our people: Our staff, board of directors and our members.

  Benefits of Membership

Horizon Credit Union is a cooperative, different from banks that are for
profit. Banks have outside shareholders who reap the bank’s profits. Horizon
Credit Union has members, you, with ownership in the credit union. Membership
fee to Horizon Credit Union is $5.00. This gives you all the rights of credit
union membership. The right to vote for the Credit Union Board of Directors
during the annual elections.

Members may also apply for positions on the Board.  
  
We not only offer basic financial services but rather advanced technology and
advanced financial products to those members who require them. As a
responsible corporate member of the communities in which we operate in, we
assist in many community projects that enhance our communities and make them
great places to live.

For more details on the Credit Union difference,  click HERE  to view the
Credit Union Advantage.

  

   Service Options 
   Board of Directors 
   Vision & Mission 
   Annual Report 
   Credit Union Quick Facts 
   Find Us 
   Home 

   Community 
     Service Options 
     Community Accounts 
     Personal 
     Business 
     Find Us 
     Home 

   Personal 
     Service Options 
     Deposit Account Types 
     Cards 
     Loans 
     Youth Account 
     Post Secondary Students 
     Package Plans 
     Order Cheques Online 

   Business 
     Service Options 
     Business Credit Card 
     Business Package Plans 
     Wealth Management 
     Merchant Services 

   Agriculture 
     Service Options 
     Agricultural Package Plans 

