

   Skip to Content 
   Login to Online Banking 

  About Us

   Home 
   Becoming a Member 
   About Us 
   Co-operative Banking 
   Help 
   Contact Us 

   Online Banking 
   Products and Services 
   News 
   Rates 

You are here:

   Home (Personal Banking) 
   About Us 

   Careers 
   Newsletters 
   Governance 
   Internet Security 
   Contact Us 
   Community Involvement 
   Annual Reports 
   FAQs 

  About Us

  The Story of Luminus Financial

Luminus Financial (formerly Starnews) was formed in March 2011.

The original Starnews Credit Union was formed in 1951 by a group of Toronto
Star employees. At that time, mortgages and personal loans were difficult for
the average worker to obtain. The group decided to pool their money together
and form a credit union that could provide banking products and services for
regular people.

In 2010, Starnews was granted a new status as an open bond credit union, which
allowed it to serve any individual, business or organization in Ontario. As a
result, credit unions with similar origins became part of Starnews: King York
Newsmen, Air Toronto, Campbell's Employee Credit Union, and Food Family Credit
Union.

Our current name and logo represent a new era of "clearly better banking." As
we continue to grow and expand, our core values remain the same: Luminus is
committed to providing its member-owners a full range of competitive products
and services.

  Luminus Financial Hub – A Different Banking Experience

In July 2015, Luminus Financial built a new branch that offers a "one-stop
shop" for financial solutions, all the while demonstrating our commitment to
providing more member-oriented services. We named this new branch - the
Financial Hub. Unlike a traditional bank, the Financial Hub aims to provide a
boutique banking experience to our member-owners and anyone that visits.

The hub is designed to foster an environment where member-owners can interact
with the staff of Luminus and improve their understanding of their personal or
business financial status. Member-owners no longer need to wait in line,
instead, our Member Relations Officers will come to you while you enjoy free
WiFi, a complimentary beverage – or just sit down and chat with us!

At the Financial Hub, member-owners will not only have access to a full
service financial institution, but they will also receive the best currency
exchange rates from Interchange Financial and wealth management services from
CWP (licensed investment partner, an affiliate of Sun Life Financial).

Click  here  to read more ways we provide clearly better banking without extra
work from you.

  Corporate Profile

At Luminus Financial, our goal is to provide our members with financial
services at the least possible cost. We return profits to members in the form
of bonus interest on deposits and interest rebates on loans and mortgages.

Vision Statement:  
To be our members' first choice for financial products, services and advice.

Mission Statement:  
We are committed to helping our members achieve their financial goals;
encouraging and facilitating the development of our team; supporting our
communities.

Values Statement:  
Luminus Financial is Adaptable, Responsive, Committed, and Co-operative (ARCC)

Adaptable:

   We will expand opportunities by recognizing and responding to changes 
   We will position products and services to attract the family unit 
   We will embrace and be open to competitive trends 

Responsive:

   We will treat everyone with respect and fairness 
   We will be responsive and sensitive to the diverse needs of our members 
   We will embrace and be open to changes that will keep us competitive 
   We will develop products and services for members and their families 

Committed:

   We are committed to service excellence 
   We will encourage a team environment committed to open and honest communication at all levels to provide better service to our members 
   We will be committed to bringing financial awareness and understanding to members so they may be financially independent 

Co-operative:

   We will operate in accordance with co-operative principles: 

        Voluntary and Open Membership 
     Democratic Member Control 
     Member Economic Participation 
     Autonomy and Independence 
     Education, Training and Information 
     Co-operation among Co-operatives 
     Concern for Community 
   We will recognize our social responsibilities within our environment and community 

  Our Promise to our Members

As a member-owner of Luminus Financial, you have our commitment to live up to
our promise of a  clearly better banking  experience.

We will:

  1. Listen to you. 
  2. Respond with your financial best interests as our priority. 
  3. Offer a full range of competitive financial products and services. 
  4. Treat you as the owner of our institution – because you are. 
  5. Share our profits with you. 
  6. Exemplify all Credit Union principles. 
  7. Make you glad to be a member, always. 

  Login To Online Banking

  Find Branch/ATM

Enter address, postal code or branch name

List All Branches  |  Search Tips

   Privacy 
   Internet Security 
   Legal 
   Site Map 
   Accessibility Statements 
   Terms and Conditions 
   About INTERAC® online 

  

