

   Skip to Content 
   Login to Online Banking 

  About Entegra

   About Entegra 
   Careers 
   Rates 
   Contact Us 

   Personal 
   Business 
   Online Banking 
   Entegra Express Services 

You are here:

   Home 
   About Entegra 

   Who We Are 
   Contact Us 
   Careers 
   Connected 
   Media Center 
   Online Policies 
   Internet Security 
   Annual General Meeting 
   Entegra Credit Union Scholarship 
   Sponsorships 

  About Entegra

Entegra Credit Union is a full-service financial institution serving over
15,500 members through four branch locations in Winnipeg, a centralized
administration centre and a corporate office. With assets under administration
exceeding $775 million, Entegra has been recognized as one of the Top 50
Fastest Growing Companies in Manitoba by Manitoba Business Magazine.

The Entegra Difference

It's true that Entegra Credit Union and the big banks have something in common
- we both offer full-service banking and a wide range of financial services -
but the similarities stop there.

Listed below are some of the ways that Entegra Credit Union differs from big
Winnipeg banks:

   As an Entegra member, you are an owner. Anyone can join Entegra and receive a vote to help chart the course for the future. 
   Entegra's Board of Directors is elected by, and accountable to, the credit union membership, not some distant group of shareholders like a bank. 
   Unlike a bank, Entegra is part of the communities we serve. 
   Everyone at Entegra, even the CEO, works for you. We work in  your  best interest. 
   And most importantly, at Entegra we recognize our members by name. Our phones are answered by a real, live, friendly person. Although we are proud to offer state-of-the art services like Internet and Mobile banking, if you prefer to be assisted in-person by one of our friendly representatives, that's ok too! 

  Login To Online Banking

  Find Branch/ATM

Enter address, postal code or branch name

List All Branches  |  Search Tips

  Calculators

Navigate to...  Loan Calculator  Mortgage Calculator  Retirement Planner  RRIF
Calculator  Education Savings Calculator  TFSA Calculator  Cash Flow
Calculator

   Privacy 
   Accessibility Statement 
   Legal 
   Site Map 
   Contact Us 

   Follow us on Facebook 

   Mobile Site 
   Full Site 

  

