

   Skip to Content 
   Login to Online Banking 

   Personal 
   In Our Community 
   Becoming a Member 
   About Us 
   Careers 
   Help 
   Contact Us 
   Rates 

   Personal 
   Business 
   Agriculture 

   Online Banking 
   Products and Services 
   Learning Centre 

You are here:

   Home (Personal) 
   About Us 

   Accessibility (AODA) 
   Annual Reporting 
   Board Of Directors 
   Careers 
   Contact Us 
   Latest News 
   Media Centre 
   Newsletters 
   Online Policies 
   Patronage Dividends 
   Something Extra 
   What Is A Credit Union? 
   Our Mission, Vision and Values 

  About Us

  About YNCU: Community Banking

At Your Neighbourhood Credit Union, you have your choice of personalized
financial services and products to fit your needs, your schedule and your
budget.

   Everyday Banking  :  We offer all kinds of packages and products to help you manage your money more effectively. Plus, our friendly financial professionals are happy to help you find the right tools to achieve your financial goals. Learn more about ... Savings accounts, Chequing accounts and plans to save on fees, overdraft protection, plans for kids and teens, seniors and students 
   Personal Loans  :  Our personal loans offer flexible terms and competitive rates designed to fit your needs and budget. 
   Lines of Credit  : Our lines of credit may be a great way for you to travel the world, consolidate your debt, complete your home renovations, or provide you with an emergency fund in case life throws a curve ball. 
   Mortgages and home ownership  :  With a little help from YNCU, we can make that major purchase easier with a variety of lending options. Learn more about fixed and variable rate mortgages, home equity line of credit, and home buying. 
   Investing and your future  :  Our full line if investment products are available at to help you start reaching your financial goals. Our GICs and term deposits offer very competitive rates, you can tap the stock market potential while preserving your principal through index-linked deposits, and even trade online. 
   Wealth Management  :  As a YNCU member you have access to the services of our Certified Financial Planners (CFP) - free of charge! Plus we have budgeting tools, guide books and seminars to help you every step of the way. 

As a Member of YNCU, you have access to branches across southwestern Ontario
and a variety of self-serve banking channels, including Automated Banking
Machines, telephone banking and online banking.

But that's not all! When you bank with us, you share in our profits, and the
more business you have with YNCU, the greater your share of the dividends!

  Login To Online Banking

  Find Branch/ATM

Enter address, postal code or branch name

List All Branches  |  Search Tips

   Mobile Site 
   Full Site 

  Privacy  Leg  al  Site Map  Accessibility  Mobile Site  
  
  
  
2019 Your Neighbourhood Credit Union Limited.  
All rights reserved.

  

